[DRK] Use LaTeX for DRK Advanced Guide (#2937)
The-Balance-FFXIV/balance-static: content/jobs/tanks/dark-knight/advanced-guide.md

In more advanced settings, we can be more nuanced --- for small amounts of GCD downtime, it may not always be correct to keep the GCD rolling with Unmend.
DRK's Souleater combo has an average potency per GCD of 387, even before counting the resource gain from Syphon Strike and Souleater.
If we have a downtime of \(x\) seconds (where \(x\) is smaller than 2.50 --- at 2.50 seconds or longer of downtime, Unmend can be freely used without delaying your next melee GCD), using Unmend gives 150 potency, but delays the next GCD by \(2.50 - x\) seconds, relative to if it had not been used.

> On average, this means that using Unmend costs \(\frac{2.50 - x}{\rm{GCD Speed}}\) of an average filler GCD, or \(378 - \frac{2.50 - x}{\rm{GCD Speed}}\).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On average, this means that using Unmend costs \(\frac{2.50 - x}{\rm{GCD Speed}}\) of an average filler GCD, or \(378 \times \frac{2.50 - x}{\rm{GCD Speed}}\).
```

Author: Whoops, good catch!

The average potency gain/loss from using Unmend when there are \(x\) seconds remaining of downtime can then be written as \(150 - (378 \times \frac{2.50 - x}{\rm{GCD Speed}})\).
When this quantity is positive, you gain damage from using Unmend, and when it is negative, you lose damage from using Unmend.

> Setting this equal to zero and solving for \(x\) in terms of GCD speed, we see that the amount of seconds break-even point for using Unmend is when downtime is the the result of the following equation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this equal to zero and solving for \(x\) in terms of GCD speed, we see that the break-even point for using Unmend is when downtime (in seconds) is the result of the following expression:
```
Slight rewording, mostly to attach seconds to downtime.

\[
\begin{aligned}
2.5 - \left(\frac{150}{378} \times \rm{GCD Speed} \right)
\end{aligned}
\]

> At a 2.50 GCD, this value is just over \(1.5\), and so using Unmend is a gain (on average) for downtime longer than 1.5 seconds, and a loss for downtime shorter than 1.5 seconds.

Reviewer: I don't know if `\begin{equation}` will work here, but if it does, we could in principle replace "this value" with something like "the value of expression (1)". Whether that's clearer or not, I'm not entirely sure, but it may be more relevant for equations/expressions that we refer back to more often (as the guide gets built out more).

`baseStrength + strengthProvidedByGear + 2`
\[
\begin{aligned}
\rm{baseStrength} + \rm{strengthProvidedByGear} + 2
\end{aligned}
\]

Living Shadow's weapon damage multplier is calculated differently to the player. In particular:
Living Shadow's weapon damage multiplier is calculated differently to the player. In particular:

- While players would use a weapon damage multplier of `115`, Living Shadow uses a weapon damage multiplier of `100`
- While players would use a weapon damage multiplier of \(115\), Living Shadow uses a slightly lower weapon damage multiplier of \(100\)

- This is typical for all 'pet actions', and generally true for any damage that does not come 'from' the player

This changes the weapon damage multiplier formula from the following:

`floor(baseStrength * 100 / 1000 + weaponDamage) / 100`
\[
\begin{aligned}
\frac{\left \lfloor{\frac{\rm{baseStrength} \times 115}{1000} + \rm{weaponDamage}}\right \rfloor}{100}
\end{aligned}
\]

To the following (where \(\rm{baseStrength}\) is \(440\) at level 100):

> To the following (where `baseStrength` is 440 at level 100):

Author: This was incorrect, I accidentally had the formulae the wrong way around. The player uses `115` as the job mod, pet actions use `100`.

> \frac{\left \lfloor{\frac{\rm{baseStrength} \times 100}{1000} + \rm{weaponDamage}}\right \rfloor}{100}

Reviewer: Nit: I think `100 \times \rm{baseStrength}` reads more naturally than the other way around.

Likewise for `115 \times \rm{baseStrength}` above on line 144.

Author: Yeah, I agree, thanks!

Living Shadow's main stat multiplier is calculated differently to the player. In particular:

- The Tank Mastery trait means that tanks have a lower main stat power modifier than other jobs. The modifier varies by level, but at level 100, it is \(190\) for tanks, and \(237\) for all other roles (meaning tanks have ~20% lower main stat scaling than other roles). Living Shadow uses the 'other' scaling

- This means that Living Shadow gains more damage scaling (about 25% higher) from strength than other abilities on Dark Knight

At level 100 (where the main stat multiplier for tanks is \(190\), and other jobs is \(237\)), this changes the main stat multiplier formula from the following (where \(\rm{baseStrength}\) is \(440\) at level 100):

\[
\begin{aligned}
\frac{\left \lfloor{\frac{190 \times \left(\rm{totalStrength} - \rm{baseStrength}\right)}{\rm{baseStrength}}}\right \rfloor + 100}{100}
\end{aligned}

> \]

Reviewer: Aside, not for change right now: More broadly, (especially when there's more of this information in the guide), we should consider if it makes more sense to present this as:
```
1 + \frac{\left\lfloor \frac{190 \times \left(\rm{totalStrength} - \rm{baseStrength}\right)}{\rm{baseStrength}} \right\rfloor}{100}
```
instead --- I think this makes some things clearer (e.g., it's always a 1.xxx), but the stacked fraction+floor also looks a bit more messy. Maybe it becomes worth just defining some (neat) notation for "truncate the result of this computation to n decimal places", so that it can become more like:
```
\mathsf{truncate}\left(\frac{190}{100} \times \frac{\left( \rm{totalStrength} - \rm{baseStrength} \right)}{\rm{baseStrength}}, 2\right)
```
(the function notation is probably not ideal, here, but should get across the idea).
